## Table of Contents

* [About](#about)
* [Getting Started](#gettingStarted)
* [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
* [Instructions](#instructions)
* [Tasks Implemented](#tasksImplemented)
* [Built With](#builtWith)
* [Authors](#authors)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [Useful links](#usefulLinks)



## About

This is the sixth project of the Google Front-End Nanodegree Program. 

We have been provided the code for a restaurant reviews website. The code has a lot of issues. It’s barely usable on a desktop browser, much less a mobile device. It also doesn’t include any standard accessibility features, and it doesn’t work offline at all. 

For the **Restaurant Reviews** projects, we incrementally convert a static webpage to a mobile-ready web application. In **Stage One**, we take a static design that lacks accessibility and convert the design to be responsive on different sized displays and accessible for screen reader use. We also add a service worker to begin the process of creating a seamless offline experience for our users.

Our job is to update the code to resolve these issues while still maintaining the included functionality. 


    Note about ES6

Most of the code in this project has been written to the ES6 JavaScript specification for compatibility with modern web browsers and future proofing JavaScript code.



## Getting Started

Download or fork the repository from this link: 
    
    https://github.com/charazzz/mws-restaurant-stage-1 
    

1. In this folder, start up a simple HTTP server to serve up the site files on your local computer. Python has some simple tools to do this, and you don't even need to know Python. For most people, it's already installed on your computer. 

In a terminal, check the version of Python you have: `python -V`. If you have Python 2.x, spin up the server with `python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8000` (or some other port, if port 8000 is already in use.) For Python 3.x, you can use `python3 -m http.server 8000`. If you don't have Python installed, navigate to Python's [website](https://www.python.org/) to download and install the software.

2. With your server running, visit the site: `http://localhost:8000`.


## Prerequisites

    Browser
    Internet connection
    Command-line interface
    

## Instructions

On the first page there is a map that shows the location for the available restaurants of the area and some information about each restaurant (name, image, address). Click on a restaurant to see all the details available (location, opening hours, reviews etc).


## Tasks Implemented

1. Get a Google Maps API key.
2. Convert the provided site to use a responsive design.
3. Implement accessibility features in the site HTML (most of this HTML is generated by JavaScript functions).
4. Add a ServiceWorker script to cache requests to all of the site’s assets so that any page that has been visited by a user will be accessible when the user is offline. Only caching needs to be implemented, no other ServiceWorker features.


## Built With

    HTML,
    CSS,
    JS

## Authors

    Udacity Team
    Chara Zogkou
    

## Contributing

Please read CONTRIBUTING.md for details.

## Useful links

    Udacity's Project Specification
https://review.udacity.com/#!/rubrics/1090/view

    Udacity Frontend Nanodegree Style Guide
http://udacity.github.io/frontend-nanodegree-styleguide/index.html
http://udacity.github.io/frontend-nanodegree-styleguide/css.html
http://udacity.github.io/frontend-nanodegree-styleguide/javascript.html

    Starting Code
https://github.com/udacity/mws-restaurant-stage-1



# mws-restaurant-stage-1
